I'm going down to South Park^Gonna have myself a time
2_1
Friendly faces everywhere^Humble folks without temptation
3_1
Going down to South Park^Gonna leave my woes behind
4_1
Ample parking day or night^People spouting "howdy neighbor"
5_1
Headin' on up to South Park^Gonna see if I can't unwind
6_1
So come on down to South Park^And meet some friends of mine
7_1
Oh, great wizard of Gregendath!
8_1
What quest do you ask of this ranger and paladin?
9_1
Only one thing can save our kingdom^+ think have
10_1
You must bring me a piece of pecan
10_2
pie with toffee ice cream and magic shell.
11_1
Hurry now!^That quest sucks, Cartman! Think of another one!
12_1
Uh, boys, Butters' parents want to borrow
12_2
"The Lord of the Rings" video we rented.
13_1
Could you take it over to them?^+ wake
14_1
You're sending us on... a quest?
15_1
You ask of us to take the one video to the house of Butters?
16_1
Yeah, whatever.^+ sort of
17_1
It shall be a long journey, with many dangers on the way.
18_1
But if the tape must be brought to the house of Butters,
18_2
who else can do it?
19_1
Very well! We shall embark on this quest immediately, father!
20_1
Come, warriors!^Ho!
21_1
Mmm, that gets rid of them.
22_1
Ooh, you're a little frisky, aren't you?
23_1
Yeah, well, uh,the Lord of the Rings
23_2
wasn't the only thing I rented from the video store.
24_1
I also rented... a porno
25_1
Ohh, you little devil!^+ evil
26_1
You wanna go watch?
27_1
How shall we journey to the house of Вutters?
28_1
Through the mines of Vandor or over the mountains of Gralch?
29_1
Look out, here comes the great dragon of Peringraf!^+ some took
30_1
Don't worry, I am the great wizard Moltiloch.
31_1
I can shield us from the dragon's fire!
32_1
Good job, wizard.
33_1
And so, the party journeyed onward.
34_1
The great wizard, the skillful ranger and the covetous jew.
35_1
I'm a paladin, Сartman!^+ pal
36_1
Jews can't be paladins.
37_1
Hey there, cowboy.^You ready for some hot, steamy fun?
38_1
You bet I am.^+ cat
39_1
The guys at the office told me I had to rent this porno.
40_1
They said this is, without a doubt, the hottest porno ever made.
41_1
Mmm, sounds good.^I love that lingerie.
42_1
Yeah... you like that?^Mmm, yeah, baby.
43_1
[Yeah...]
44_1
Alright, you ready?^Ready. ^Oh yeah.
45_1
The story begins in ages past!
46_1
In the deep regions of Middle Earth.
47_1
Where Skorn first thrived in the kingdom of Gelgala!^+ arrived
48_1
Oh man, I hate when pornos try to have a story.^+ dry ate
49_1
Seven rings were cast and given to the races of men.
50_1
[Mmm, yeah.]
51_1
Seven to the races of elves.^+ else
52_1
Five to the glundock viladers of Gelgendol.
53_1
Wow, the production values are really good in this porno.
54_1
Yeah, it almost looks like... "The Lord of the ..." Oh my god!
55_1
This is the Lord of the Rings!
56_1
But then does that mean?^+ than
57_1
The boys have the hottest porno ever made.
58_1
Oh hello, boys.^+ hell off
59_1
My father has asked that we
59_2
bring you this copy of Lord of the Rings!
60_1
Well, thank you very much, kind heroes.
61_1
Perhaps a reward is in order?^+ disorder
62_1
Gold? Frankenstein sense?
63_1
Oh, but you are noble heroes.
63_2
We know our thanks is enough.
64_1
Man, that's crap.^+ trap
65_1
Butters, look what we have for you to watch -
65_2
The Lord of the Rings!
66_1
Oh boy, finally I get to see it!
67_1
Now, daddy and I have to do our taxes.
68_1
So you can watch this by yourself and not get scared?
69_1
I won't get scared, mom, promise!^+ want
70_1
That's our man. Here you go.
71_1
I finally get to see Lord of the Rings!
72_1
Spank that ass^+ prank
73_1
[Neat-O!]
74_1
This is good!^+ east
75_1
Oh my god, this is gonna be so embarrassing.
76_1
"Hi Chris! Hi Linda!
76_2
We were just wondering if we could get our porno back?"
77_1
Calm down, maybe the boys haven't gotten there yet.
78_1
And so the party returns home after completing their great quest.
79_1
The one tape was returned and South Park was again at peace.
80_1
Quick, a monster of Rivendel!^+ monk
81_1
Prepare for battle!^The boys!
82_1
Boys! Boys! Where's the videotape?^+ there's
83_1
We gave it to the parents of Butters as commanded by you.
84_1
Oh, I guess we have to go talk to them now.
85_1
Well, wait a minute... Uh, boys ...
86_1
Do you think you can go get that tape back for us really fast?
87_1
This sounds like a really important quest.
88_1
Yes, it is. This is more important than
88_2
anything i've ever asked you to do.
89_1
You must retrieve the tape.
90_1
But do not look at it, for it holds an evil power.
91_1
Retrieve the tape and return it to us at home.
92_1
Do this, and you will be greatly rewarded.^+ real
93_1
Wow!^This Is so cool.
94_1
Gentlemen! We are off!
95_1
Okay. Problem solved.
96_1
Just like that
97_1
Oh golly
98_1
Hey, what's happenin' down there?^+ cap
99_1
We have come to reclaim the one tape!
100_1
Whoa, whoa, what are you doing?
101_1
The queen and king of Stanzizhouse
101_2
wish the Lord of the Rings returned to them.
102_1
But it's the greatest movie I've ever seen.
103_1
You guys were right. Lord of the Rings is awesome.
104_1
You have to let me finish watching it.
105_1
Nay, Butters! The one tape must be brought back to Stanzizhouse!
106_1
Butters, we said you can't watch it! We have a quest!
107_1
Then let me go with you.^+ whither
108_1
Okay, fine, Butters,^+ five
109_1
But if you're gonna hang out with us,
109_2
you have to play like Lord of the Rings.
110_1
[Oh, okay!^Yeah!
111_1
Butters! What the hell are you doing?!
112_1
Playing Lord of the Rings!
113_1
[Huh, huh! Yeah
114_1
Get the hell off me!
115_1
You're a freak, Butters! You can't play with us!
116_1
Let me have the tape!^+ step
117_1
No, we have to return it!^+ got
118_1
My movie! My awesome, cool movie.
119_1
My... precious.
120_1
And so, the tape was again retrieved
120_2
to be brought back to Stanzizhouse.
121_1
This copy of Lord of the Rings
121_2
made the young Butters behave quite oddly.
122_1
Yeah, and mine parents were acting strange about it too.
123_1
Perhaps the one videotape has some power we have not foreseen.
124_1
Well, [well, well!] If it isn't Robin Hood and his merry men!^+ marry
125_1
Oh crap, the 6th graders!
126_1
What you got there?^Nothing.^+ their
127_1
Hey, kid! Lord of the Rings... Ha! That movie's gay!^You're gay!
128_1
[What the ... ?! Whoa!]
129_1
Check it out, you guys!
130_1
[Whoa!^Whoa!]
131_1
Give it back! We're on a quest to return it to my parents.
132_1
No way! We're keeping this and watching it ourselves!
133_1
You can't keep it!^+ can
134_1
And what are three little 4th graders gonna do about it, huh?
135_1
There's four of us! Kenny's soul is still trapped in Сartman's body.
136_1
[Yeah!]
137_1
Oh man! I can't wait to see this.
138_1
Dude, that video is making people act strange!
139_1
The one tape must be returned!
140_1
Run!^Get 'em!
141_1
Oh, hello, Randy, Sharon.
142_1
Chris, are the boys over here?^+ hear
143_1
No, just Butters. He's been watching the Lord of the Rings downstairs.
144_1
Oh dear!^What's the matter?^+ manner
145_1
We... Well, this is really sort of funny, but we ...
145_2
We accidentally put a porno in the Lord of the Rings box.
146_1
[Oh god!^Butters?^Butters?^Butters!
147_1
Precious... Did you bring back my precious?^+ think
148_1
Butters, where is the movie you were watching?
149_1
They took his precious.^+ us
150_1
Took it away to watch without him.
151_1
He was really enjoying that movie, too!^+ ongoing
152_1
[My precious]
153_1
The boys must have come and saw what it was,
153_2
and then taken it away somewhere.^Oh, no
154_1
We can't let those 6th graders get their hands on this videotape.
155_1
I must say I agree.^+ degree
156_1
If this copy of the Lord of Rings is "hainted"
156_2
it would not be safe in the wrong hands.
157_1
I smell 4th graders!
158_1
Oh crap, dude!^Hide!^+ Hi
159_1
Hey! I think I see something down the hill!
160_1
Whew!^The one videotape is sought after indeed.
161_1
Yeah, Butters, my parents, now the 6th graders.^+ know
162_1
Come, guys! We must bring this all
162_2
to the attention of the high elf of Faragon.
163_1
Yeah, the high elf! He'll know what to do!
164_1
And so, that's the situation.
165_1
All the boys are out there somewhere with a... pornographic videotape.
166_1
Oh god! This... This is horrible!^Alright, calm down.
167_1
Now just how bad of a porno tape are we talking here?
168_1
I mean, was it like "Crotch Capers 3"?
169_1
I'm afraid it was... "Backdoor Sluts 9".
170_1
Backdoor Sluts 9!^Is that bad?^+ the
171_1
"Backdoor Sluts 9" makes "Crotch Capers 3" look like "Naughty Nurses 2"!
172_1
It is the single most vile, twisted,
172_2
dark piece of porn ever made.
173_1
How the hell do you know?!^+ due
174_1
I read about it in "People".
175_1
Oh, this is just great!^+ gesture
176_1
How could you two be so careless?!
177_1
We're sorry!^+ so free
178_1
Well, Sheila, we can't shelter our boys forever from these things.
179_1
Maybe it's okay for them to see an adult film.
180_1
Not without their parents to put it in the proper context.
181_1
They won't understand what they're seeing!
182_1
It ... It can't hurt them that much, can it?
183_1
Precious! Let me see my precious... Please!
184_1
Open. Bell-Lock.
185_1
What do you guys want?^+ got
186_1
We must speak with the high elf of Faragon!
187_1
Oh, okay, hang on a second.^+ tongue
188_1
What troubles you?
189_1
We have in our possession something of great power.
190_1
It is the Lord of Rings.
191_1
So? I have three copies
191_2
and the DVD with 12 hours of extra footage.
192_1
Yes, but this is not... Wow, 12 hours?
193_1
Yes, but this is not a normal copy.
193_2
It's making people act really strange.
194_1
We're seriously, high elf.^+ series
195_1
Something very evil lurks in this tape.
196_1
Very well. I shall call the Council together.
197_1
Meet me in the Woods of Gathering
197_2
behind Talingharr the Black's house.
198_1
And don't let my mom see you 'cause I'll get in trouble.
199_1
Thank you, high elf of Paragon.
200_1
Faragon! Asshole
201_1
Clyde's a dick.
202_1
Alright, everybody, listen up!
203_1
There's three snot-nosed little 4th graders out there
204_1
Who have a porno called "Backdoor Sluts 9".^+ cult
205_1
I checked it out on the Internet,
206_1
And it said that Backdoor Sluts 9
206_2
is the most hardcore porno ever made.
207_1
I have amassed this army of 6th graders
207_2
to get the tape by any means necessary.
208_1
Now let's go get that porno!^+ left
209_1
And so, that is the situation.
210_1
The videotape may or may not have evil powers.
211_1
Kyle, would you bring it up here, please?
212_1
That video could have been made by Sauron's evil forces.
213_1
It could hold a mental spell of some kind.
214_1
Perhaps we could use it to strengthen our star cruisers!
215_1
Kevin, god dammit
216_1
Look, until we see this tape's power for ourselves
216_2
we cannot risk giving it to anybody.
217_1
But if we watch it we could fall under its spell too!
218_1
That is true.^+ through
219_1
Only a paladin with a high constitution should watch the tape.
220_1
Therefore, I think it is a job for you - Talingharr the Black.
221_1
I'm not scared.
222_1
I'll go inside and watch the tape,^+ insight
223_1
Just for a few seconds.
224_1
If I do not return in two minutes
224_2
send a party in after me.
225_1
The fate of Middle Earth is in my hands.^+ easy
226_1
Fourth graders! Give us that porno!
227_1
Boys? Boys, we're not mad at you.
228_1
We just want to talk to you!
229_1
Talingharr the Black returns from watching the video!^+ what
230_1
What sights did you see on the videotape, Talingharr?
231_1
Is it the work of Sauron's magic?
232_1
I'm not playing anymore.
233_1
Whoa, wait, what'd you see?
234_1
I don't know. I don't want to know. I'm out.
235_1
My god, this thing must really be powerful.
236_1
This tape makes people freak out wherever it goes!
237_1
What do we do with it?
238_1
One thing's for sure, this tape
238_2
cannot be trusted with anybody.
239_1
It must be returned to the video store from whence it came.
240_1
Where is the videotape rented from?
241_1
Two Towers video store in Conifer.^+ score
242_1
Conifer?! Walking there would take hours!
243_1
There's no alternative,
243_2
we have to return the tape before it causes more damage!
244_1
I'll go. ^Ha!
244_2
We cannot trust something of that much power to a dwarf!
245_1
Especially a kindergartner dwarf!
246_1
Stop acting like a bunch of assholes!
247_1
I will take it!
248_1
I will walk to the video store.
249_1
It is too far and too dangerous to go alone.
250_1
Take with you the wizard, the dwarf,
250_2
the warrior, the cleric and the jew.
251_1
Paladin! ^Very well.
252_1
You shall be the Fellowship of the Lord of the Rings. Good luck!
253_1
I have to go home now before I get in trouble.^Me too!
254_1
Only the six of us are to go?
255_1
No, no, there's^seven of us.^+ their
256_1
Kenny's soul is still trapped in Cartman's body, remember?
257_1
Yeah, stupid.
258_1
Yeah, luckily Cartman's big enough for the both of us.
259_1
Shut up, Kenny!^+ short
260_1
And so it was that the heroes traveled many miles
260_2
to return the Lord of the Rings to the video store.
261_1
We have reached the great pass of mount Uuurluroch!
262_1
Look out!^We were almost killed!
263_1
A dark wizard must be trying to stop us!
264_1
True, someone or something doesn't want
264_2
this video returned to the video store!
265_1
Oh, hello, everybody.
266_1
Steve, we heard that a bunch of the
266_2
kids were over here a little while ago.
267_1
Well, yes, I believe they were, but they've gone.
268_1
What's the matter?
269_1
We think our boys might be showing other children a... pornographic tape.
270_1
What?! But Token's never seen a porno before!
271_1
He wouldn't know what... Oh god!^Token!
272_1
[Token...]
273_1
Did the boys come over and show you a movie?
274_1
[Token?]
275_1
Alright, Token, we know you must be very confused about what you saw.
276_1
Yes, uh, you see, Token that was called a "pornographic" film.
277_1
It shows adult men and adult women having sexual intercourse.
278_1
You see, when a man and a woman fall in love
279_1
The man puts his penis in the woman's vagina.^+ pin
280_1
It's called lovemaking, and it's part of being in love.
281_1
And when the woman has
281_2
four penises in her at the same time,
281_3
then stands over the men and pees on them,
281_4
is that part of being in love too?
282_1
Five midgets, spanking a man,
282_2
covered with thousand island dressing -
282_3
is that making love?
283_1
Jesus, what kind of porno was that?
284_1
It was Backdoor Sluts 9
285_1
Oh Jesus, not that one!
286_1
Oh Gerald, poor Kyle must be
286_2
just as confused and scared as this poor kid!
287_1
Token, this is very important.^+ improper
288_1
Do you know where the boys went with the naughty tape?
289_1
We're entering the limits of Bailey.^+ entire
290_1
Everyone stay close.
291_1
Perhaps the great ringworm of Bailey is about!^+ we have
292_1
Ringworms are no match for a dwarf.
293_1
Yes, we shall slay the ringworm
293_2
and take its bounty of treasure!
294_1
For that is the way of [the...
295_1
I shall put a magic spell on you!
296_1
I have blocked your spell, wizard!^+ wize guy
297_1
Hey, what are you guys doing?
298_1
We're playing "Harry Potter"!^+ hairy
299_1
Ha! Fags!
300_1
You guys, somebody's following us!^It's Butters.^[Butters?
301_1
Yes, he's been following us for like two hours.
302_1
The precious videotape. Let the Butters see it.
303_1
Just ignore him, maybe he'll go away.
304_1
Hey fellas, mind if we take a little rest?
305_1
There is no time for rest, sorcerer! Keep up!
306_1
They are coming.
307_1
You guys go on ahead!
308_1
Jimmy, are you sure?^Go!
309_1
[You shall not p- Paa... You shall not paa... You shall not pa... You shall not You shall not
310_1
You shall not pass.
311_1
Jimmy didn't stop them!
311_2
They're going to take the Lord of the Rings from us!
312_1
Quick, cross the river! 6th graders can't stand water!
313_1
What? That's stupid.^+ do it
314_1
I am a high ranking white wizard, Craig,
314_2
and I say 6th graders are opposed to water.
315_1
Whatever! I'm going back to play with the Harry Potter kids.^Me too.
316_1
Go ahead and play Harry - Butthole - Pussy - Potter!
317_1
Just get across the river, they're coming!^+ cross
318_1
What the hell is wrong with you guys?!
318_2
Get the tape!
319_1
Dude, I don't wanna get wet.
320_1
Yeah, I don't really like the water.^+ what
321_1
Besides, if our bikes get wet the chains'll rust.
322_1
Oh god dammit! Alright. Come on, we'll find a bridge.
323_1
The quest continued to return the Lord of the Rings to the video store.
324_1
Man, we should have never crossed that stupid river.
325_1
Yeah, good job, wizard Fat-Ass!^+ shop
326_1
Now we're totally lost!
327_1
We're not lost, Jewgar of Jewlingrad! We just don't know where we are!
328_1
That's what lost means, stupid!
329_1
Kenny, shut your goddamn mouth!^+ show
330_1
This is great,
330_2
we're in the middle of nowhere and nobody knows what
330_3
direction the video store is in.
331_1
The Butters knowses.^Oh brother!
332_1
The video store, yes, not far from here.
333_1
We can show you where it is!^+ sure
334_1
Where?^First, just let Butters see the precious.^+ sea
335_1
No, Butters, look what it's done to you.
335_2
It's made you even lamer^than before.
336_1
If that was possible.
337_1
Tell us how to get to the video store,
337_2
Butters, else we're gonna kick your ass!
338_1
No hurtses the Butters! We will show you the way.
339_1
Yes... this way it is
340_1
This is awful! I just know with every passing minute
340_2
little Kyle is seeing more and more depraved sex acts!
341_1
We'll find them.
341_2
And then we'll try to put what they saw into context.
342_1
Look, there's one of the boys now!
343_1
[Jimmy!^Jimmy, jimmy!]
344_1
Where did the boys go with the porno tape?
345_1
They were taking it to the [v...
346_1
[The v... v...]
347_1
Come on, Jimmy, we don't have a lot of time.
348_1
They took it back to the videos...
349_1
[The videos...]
350_1
The video sandwich?^The video stockyard?
351_1
What's a video stockyard, Jimmy?
352_1
[No, the video st... the video st...
353_1
Stinger?^Staples, they went to the video staples.
354_1
Where's that, Jimmy?
355_1
No, you retards! The video store!^+ retires
356_1
The video store!
357_1
Hurry! Hurry!^I know where it is!
358_1
Oh no, they're closed! ^Closed?!
359_1
There they are!
360_1
Don't let 'em turn it back in to the video store!
361_1
We're screwed.^Wait, a drop box!^+ rope
362_1
Quick, Kyle, drop the movie in!
363_1
Finally, it's over^Precious, must have our precious.^+ bother
364_1
Butters, no!^Nows wees hasses it!
365_1
They're coming!
366_1
It has to go back!^It wantses to stay with the Butterses!
367_1
There it is! Give me that tape!
368_1
Let go of the tape, Butters!
369_1
I'm never letting go!^Fine!
370_1
[Preciousss...]
371_1
[No! No, no!
372_1
Dammit!^Aw man, now we'll never see the hot action!
373_1
You stupid little fourth graders!^+ forth
374_1
The tape is returned to whence it came.
375_1
It's power over you shall fade as well.
376_1
Middle earth is again safe.^+ against
377_1
Yeah? Well, that's not gonna stop us from kicking your asses!
378_1
Boys, boys!^Crap! Parents! Come on, guys!
379_1
We'll see you next time, fourthies!
380_1
And perhaps they would. But for now,
380_2
the 6th grader army was defeated.
381_1
There you are!^Oh Kyle, you're safe!
382_1
Hey guys. We were just about to come home.
382_2
We had to return the video.
383_1
Alright, now listen, kids. There's some things we need to put into context for you.
384_1
You see, a man puts his penis into a woman's
384_2
vagina for both love and pleasure.
385_1
But sometimes the woman lays on top of the man,
385_2
facing the other way, so that they can
385_3
put each other's genitals in their mouths.
386_1
This is called "69-Ing", and it's normal.
387_1
See, boys, a woman is sensitive in her vagina and it
387_2
feels good to have a man's penis inside of it.
388_1
That's right! But sometimes a woman chooses to use other things.
389_1
Telephones, staplers, magazines
390_1
It's because the nerve endings in the vagina are so sensitive.
391_1
It's like a fun tickle.
392_1
Now, onto double penetration, boys.
393_1
You see, sometimes when a woman
393_2
has sex with more than one man,
394_1
Each man makes love to a different orifice.^+ or face
395_1
That's right. It's something adults can do with really good friends in a comfortable setting.
396_1
It's also important that you understand why some people
396_2
choose to urinate on each other.
397_1
Going number 1 or number 2^
397_2
on your lover is something people might do,
398_1
But you must make sure your partner is
398_2
okay with it before you start doing it.
399_1
Okay, boys, do you have any questions?
400_1
[Wow]
401_1
Well, let's all get going.
402_1
Yeah, come on boys, time to get home.
403_1
Wait a minute, where's Butters?^+ I mean it
404_1
Wees hasses our preciouses, Hasses it... hasses it